README.md, before:

# Logger

This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 15.2.6.

## Development server

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The application will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.

## Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory.

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

## Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via a platform of your choice. To use this command, you need to first add a package that implements end-to-end testing capabilities.

## Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI Overview and Command Reference](https://angular.io/cli) page.

Commit message:

Added initial PRD in readme.md

README.md, after:

# Logger

User should be able to login to his account

HOME
User should be able to create different timelines
Homepage will show different timelines created by user and each timeline will have Delete and Pin to top functionality

TIMELINE
When user opens a timeline, a list of events will be shown to user and an add event button.
The default sort order for the events will be Most recent at the bottom. And the list will be scrolled to the bottom with latest event visible.
When user tries to add an event, fields available will be Title, description, color, date and time of event, tags/category, etc.
When a new event is added, if user has added any date/time it will be added in the timeline on a position relative to user input. If user doesn't provide any date/time input then current date/time will be considered for the event and it will be appended at the end of list.
User should be able to filter events list based on year, month, day, tag/category, color, etc.
User should be able to search events based on year, month, tag/category, color, title, description, etc.
User should be able to change view between list view & events grouped by parameters like month, tag/category, color, etc.
User can Edit & Delete the events

Feature to share the list or a single event on whatsapp or google drive or download the list as a text file
